FF Brave Exvius:


1. Login
   1. Login button should work - the user can tap the login button to proceed with login
   2. The option to login via the play store should open a dialog to choose an account - the user sees a dialog with possible play store logins after choosing Google play login
   3. The Facebook login option should automatically use any account already registered to the phone. - the user is automatically logged into Facebook if they choose Facebook and have an account on their phone
   4. It should properly display an error if an invalid password is entered - the user sees an informative error if they use an invalid password
   5. The user should be redirected to the home screen on successful login - the user sees the home screen after successful login
   6. Any saved progress/data should be loaded on successful login - the user loads all their progress saved to their account after login


1. Buy lapis
   1. There are multiple options for amounts to buy - the user can see multiple options for buying lapis 
   2. Only current bundles for amounts are displayed - the user can only see the currently offered bundles
   3. The lapis amount and cost are consistent with the values for both in the back end - the user can see the same lapis amounts and prices as on the backend
   4. The user is redirected to the payment screen after tapping a bundle to buy (already a user story…)
   5. The payment screen has the right values corresponding to where the user clicked - the user sees the same bundle as the one they tapped on the payment screen 
   6. After successful payment the user recieves the promised lapis amount - the user correctly receives the lapis they payed for
1. Use character ability
   1. A characters abilities are correctly shown - the user can see all the abilties a character has 
   2. Any extra equipped abilities are shown (with no duplicates) - the user can also see any equipped abilities but not any ability twice
   3. Their corresponding mana costs are shown and correct -the user sees the correct mana costs for each ability
   4. The names and other information are correctly formatted and fit within the card - the user can clearly read the ability card and does not see any formatting issues?
   5. Tapping one causes the character to use the ability - the user is able to select an ability to use it
   6. The correct mana amount is taken from the character after ability use - the user’s character is charged the correct mana cost for the ability